moonfly,
You are so peaceful and blessed,
It looks more natural and less painful.
Brother Long, look at him! Son,
What kind of spicy road? Me,
Brother Long?
Brother Long, he is my ex-boyfriend,
Just a stinky bitch,
You have to make the decision for me.
It's a bad day for you kid,
I'll die for bullying you because of Red War's land cards.
This matter, Hu Jin,
This boy, the point of blindness,
Why don't you apologize to Suzuka?
Hu Jin, bell walks, bell walks, sits.
This waiter
You know my ex-girlfriend
Nothing more
Where we had problems before
You are just a piece of shit who can't stand up to the strong.
Is it wrong for me to fall in love with someone else?